six control consoles and one terminal:

1. Indexed Chromatic Association Properties Options Control Console
   palette control

2. Electronic Synthesized Audio Data Options Control Console
   sound mode/instrument selection

3. Custom Acoustic Instrument Setting Options Control Console
   fm instrument editor

4. Emulated Rodent Input Device Options Control Console
   mouse settings

5. Overall Frame Rate Options Control Console
   turbo mode/speed control

6. Rectangular Alpha-Numeric Display Options Control Console
   msgbox customizer

7. Master Options Control Console
   terminal


start room: sierra ol hq bldg, parking lot. for years you wanted to visit. it's a 
medical center now, you decide to go in to look around. 

lobby: med center; if asked, receptionist tells you it's ok to look around, stay out
of offices

hallway: several doors- offices (no entry), rest room (it's occupied), broom closet

broom closet: if you go far enough, you trip over a broom, and fall through the 
backwall, opening up to a hidden staircase

staircase: one level, ends in a door; looks like a cypher lock, but it's malfunctioning
door opens to the PP control room

when you go through the door, it locks behind you; you will need to restore the PP system 
to get it open!

PP control room: in main room, there is a terminal, and six panels; none are powered
on; two small rooms adjoin; one looks like a supply/storage room. Other is a small office.

one terminal, with three double paneled control stations (a desk level, and upper level)
panels are dark until turned on with the terminal
terminal takes test commands to control the powerpack, and to enable the control panels
uses a dos-like syntax; missing key to turn it on
!key is your car key!
find the password file; it's corrupted, only powerpack password works; player has to
find other six

when powerpack enabled, turn on all advanced interface options: mouse, toolbar, 
fade in/out; 80col, click2move

 
office: door locked until cypher lock disabled in MOCC
rolodex has password for xxxx
folder in desk drawer has password for xxxx
under desk blotter is  password for ERIDOCC

storeroom: door locked until cypher lock disabled in MOCC
file cabinet- slip of paper with password
box on shelf -





find a key to turn on terminal; enter help to see that there are six panels 
that will enable some new features

use terminal to enable each panel (each has a different password)

find the passwords in various places in the room suite 

