PPDEMO BETA - 11/3/2023

THANK YOU in advance for helping me with Beta testing the Power Pack Demo game!

The game must be run with a MOSOS interpreter, either on original PC hardware or in a fully functional emulator, such as DOSBox. (I use DOSBox exclusively for testing, it is quite convenient!) NAGI and SCUMMVM will NOT work.

Do not bother trying to open the game in AGI Studio or WinAGI, the complex nature of the Power Pack code will likely confuse AGI Studio, and the code will be pretty much unreadable even in WinAGI. I'm intentionally withholding the source code until the game is ready for release; the full source will be part of that release.

You will need a mouse, FM synthesizer, and general MIDI capable device available; these are automatically supported by default in DOSBox, so unless you've disabled them you should have no problem.

You will need to provide your own interpreter files. Although the Power Pack supports all nineteen known v2 and v3 versions, the demo game only works with version two, and only those that support menus. The list of versions that are compatible are:
    2.411
    2.425
    2.426
    2.435
    2.439
    2.440
    2.903
    2.911
    2.912
    2.915
    2.917
    2.936

Most of the game development was with 2.917. But any supported verson *should* work. If you are using a different version, please make sure to let me know when you report any issues.

The opening credits cannot be bypassed the first time you run the game. After the first run, you can press any key to skip the intro. See the built-in help screens for additional info.

As you are playing through the game, if you are stuck and can't figure out what to do, take a look at the game Design Notes file. It has detailed notes on the game, including enough information to do a full walk through. I'm interested in how easy/hard some of the puzzles are though, so please try to figure it out before going to the notes.

The game includes a debug mode, which is enabled by default for testing. Enter 'debug off' if you want to disable it, but it doesn't hurt to leave it enabled during testing. All unknown words get logged to the LOGFILE; as you play through, I'd appreciate if you could send that file to me regularly so I can learn what kinds of things you are typing in the parser that I hadn't considered.

Any feedback you can provide would be GREATLY appreciated - including bugs and errors, places where it's not clear what needs to be done; puzzle difficulties, lack of appropriate clues/hints, etc. Anything to help make the game ready for a public release.

You can contact me on the sciprogramming.com website, or by direct email at agkorson@charter.net

THANKS AGAIN!
